## 67-272: Chess Camp Phase 5 Starter ##

This is starter code for the course project in 67-272: Application Design and Development.  This code has basic views and controllers required for phase 3 and it passes all cucumber tests.  In addition, it has all the models created and tested as specified in phase 4.

Students can use this as a base to work off of in phase 5 -- HOWEVER, the basic design, color scheme, images and the like must be modified from the tepid design provided here.  (BTW, the text on the static pages like home, about, and contact are purposefully snarky -- you would never use this in a real app and we expect you to modify it to something more appropriate.)  We will reiterate this warning in phase 5 but we are saying it now as well to maximize the opportunities to get the word out: **if students stay with the CSS, images and text used here they can expect to lose 10 points on their phase 5 grade.**  (If you want to have fun with this project you have to make it your own and style it as you see fit.)

To set this up, clone this repository, run the `bundle install` command to ensure you have all the needed gems and then create the database with `rake db:migrate`.  If you want to populate the system with fictitious, but somewhat realistic data (similar to the data given in the spreadsheets in phase 1), you can run the `rake db:populate` command.  The populate script will create:
- 100 families
- over 200 students
- over 35 camps

Many objects are created with some element of randomness so you will get slightly different results each time it is run.  However, instructors and users are fixed.  All users in the system have a password of 'secret'.  In terms of users there are two admins (Alex and Mark) and four instructor-level users (our four Head TAs).  The username for each is their first name in all lowercase.

Instructions for what needs to be done in this phase of the project can be found in the phase 5 write-up found on the [67-272 course site](http://cmu-is-272.org/projects/5).



----TEST COVERAGE

 - I added a is_instructor and is_admin as well as should_have_nest_attributes to the model and checked that I had full coverage.
 However, I have gotten a low test coverage for methods and test that I did not write. The codes were being covered but suddenly stopped being covered with no changes made. For instance, my user test was 100% coverage and all passing and after a few hours it was not. However my geocoder hit its limit I wasn't able to fix the test coverage.

---------Cucumber
 -I am using a date picker to make this website have a more user friendly ui. Therefore this feature may prevent some cucumber tests from passing. 
 - I hit the google api limit so my test coverage and cucumber test is not 100%


--------------miscellaneous 
- If the number of registrations is equal to the max capacity then registration is not permitted. 

- Registrations can be made through the camp show page
- Payment reports for students can also be seen in the camp show page 
- Payment status for family can be seen on the family detail page 


-Car Pool: Student's ages are generated on the registration list on the camp show page
-----Extra credit
	my google map is not static and has an animation
	online payment.....i tried.... :'(

GOOD LUCK GRADING QAPLA'


